hey guys this is quick unboxing of Nikon
d7000 18 140 mm VR lens kit I'm super
excited because after several months of
research and youtubing and everything
else I finally bought it and it's here
this is lens this is 18 140 mm VR lens
kit and that comes with a Nikon d7000 as
a kit lens I guess there's nothing and
here comes the warranty this one has 5
years of warranty that's pretty nice
this is lens this doesn't have any lens
pulse and lens food that's a kind of
disappointing here is the lens is fully
zoomed in fully zoomed out and this is
the middle mount I like that and here's
the Nikon d7000 body and accessories I
like the box door this is nice gold box
nicely printed d7000 and the first one
is the warranty I think one year
warranty in it this one is manual which
I never look at this one has all those
accessories for Nikon d7000 this one is
battery charger cable and this one is
USB cable you need this one to transfer
you all your data from your camera body
to the computer and this one is a
battery charger nice one this one is
part of that battery charger and it
comes what is this I don't know and this
one is Nikon strap this one is video
okay
and here comes a battery this one is
nice and heavy
that's an AVM that's much that's all
please here's the body itself like on
this antigen body this one is nicely
packed and let's look at it right this
one feels heavy
this one feels heavier than then Canon
t4i that I have this one looks nice and
yeah this is a Nikon d7000 she's good in
the hand
I like the grip and yeah I don't think
this one is bigger than Canon t4i but
still this is heavier than that and
let's mount the lens in the body and
let's see how it looks how it feels yeah
this way white to white press it yeah
there you go
this is 907 thousand with eighteen to
140 mm V or lens kit this is my first
night on system I actually like the way
this one performs in low-light situation
and nothing more than that and this one
is faster this one is really faster than
the Canon t4i that I have I'll do some
kind of comparison between this one and
Canon t4i in the videos thanks for
watching